Space Marines versus nids a matchup that
I feel I've missed I feel like this has
not been seen for a while it's been a
lot of AO malas verses nids but not
Space Marines the ogs so we got a sloppy
Saturdays game here we'll see how it
goes double terance is going to be the
opening for the hive tant here City
B not the more common now mid to high
level double
hommers Don Elite going for double
Scouts instead that is pretty
typical But the irony is that the double
Scouts would be even better against
double
harmers cuz turers are the counter to
Scouts and you want your harmers to get
on the Tactical Marines but not when
there is an FC nearby that wouldn't be
very good thanks to battlecry
this is good play though blob the turers
get some free damage on the FC really
not ideal here for Don Elite he
shouldn't shouldn't really be
positioning himself to take that much
damage for free on the Force Commander
now the homers are going to get on the
attack here but oh they're in proximity
to the Garrison but he he's messing
around he's not going for the Garrison
no this is not a good play dite
well he's going to force off the harmers
but okay City BG stayed in way too long
there managed to kill one of the
Tactical Marines though which basically
justifies losing all those
hommers he didn't need to lose all those
hommers though he stayed in way too long
and you yet need to win the engagement
to only bleed seven models with tax and
UFC and an engagement against pure God
not good the tax and the FC can take on
more than that for
sure the tax should have just run
straight for the gison as soon as
they're compromised by the hommers FC
can just bleed turers then this is PA
from City B you really don't need this
he's won the engagement right now forced
off the FC he's taking over the map kind
of he's holding his own on map control
right you don't need to be investing in
toxin sacks so soon you really don't you
really don't he need to get another unit
out he wants his tier 1.5 so that's a
mistake straight away if you're watching
this brother then that's what you know
you need to do don't go for that
straight away get your warriors out or
your raveners depending on what you want
if you want raveners then drop um one
gen at the
uh I I can't even remember the gen's
order I need to play this game morees
toight brothers us them is it two gens
for warriors one gen for
ravs I think that's about right
it's confusing because raveners cost
more power but ironically it's the as
long as you manage to take some
contested power points which he has it's
the requisition that will actually stall
your first RAV in a
purchase so yeah one gen for your ravs
two for your warriors depending on
whatever you want that's up to you both
work but don't go for this until you've
got them out so right now we've got
Devastators coming out for Dawn's Elite
and there's no tyan tier 1.5 I mean it
might work out well actually for this
guy cuz he can see the devs and then get
ravs to counter them like he could
easily get Warriors He's been floating
for a while prior to getting Warriors
again he bleeds way too many turers
here that was obviously not going to be
a one fight why stay in for that long
and bleed all those teras just Retreat
out don't bleed you don't need to
bleed all right he's going to go for
raveners fair enough it's going to work
out well cuz he fighting Devastators
aric armor on the
FC not sure I like that as a priority
upgrade either over the Scout upgrades
we do see one shotgun coming in
now going to help get rid of the hi tan
I don't like these hmas just capping in
close proximity to the fight where you
know they're just going to get shot to
pieces and inevitably they're getting
shot to pieces now by tactical Marines
and bleeding once again so and yeah now
they're just retreating they should have
been going up the side here attacking
this natural
wreck and then you can use your turas
and your ravs to defend the
mid as you can see even with just
termagant they're very good against
these
Scouts nice bur damage there from the
devourers of the ravs and then they
burrow on top of the devs and that's a
good situation now you can focus fire
down the Force
Commander nope he just wants to shoot
retreating units not a very good
idea that's okay should have forced
melee here probably would have killed
attack turant actually do decent damage
in
melee and then um the raveners as well
do very good damage in melee they're
hybrid
units so I'm not sure why even Force
meley
there it's good to go push the Gen
bash the players were quite even in Tech
actually price this gen bash so this
will give the nids a little bit of an
advantage here oh wow
really no you can't go for ASM here dude
you just got gem bashed you can't do it
you're going to be so far behind in Tech
now unfortunately Tyran is don't have a
real vehicle do they they've only got
Tyrant guard but
still yeah okay thank God he cancels it
and goes to two good to the enemy
return
fire City BG's very slow to focus fire
the Force Commander is one thing I'm
seeing there's a lot of messing around
there with the raveners what I would
suggest is to just use the S key to stop
them messing around rotating and trying
to position themselves just hit the S
key they will stop moving and shoot the
nearest Target to them which in that
case it was quite obvious that was
always going to be the
FC you can also just press a and then
anywhere for the air move and they'll do
the same
thing they need to borrow oh he stopped
chasing for some reason why did he stop
chasing with the Force Commander I was
going to say oh cuz he wanted to bait
them into the Devastators and that
worked cuz the H turn actually charged a
little bit early there wow H turn picked
up a tactical Marine model as well wow I
was going to say the raveners were going
to have to burrow away if they didn't
want to lose a model to the Bol pist to
Force Commander which would have been
nice to force off force that
putrow out and then you know that your
Devastators couldn't be compromised
after well apart from the charging hi
Ty so this is interesting why is he when
did he get that psychic scream I'm not
sure I noticed I hope he didn't get it
whilst going tier two given that he
lacks the resources to get a tier 2 unit
you don't want to be getting tier one
war gears prior to getting your tier 2
unit you know you take tier two and then
your your most urgent thing to do is get
a tier 2 unit out so he's actually got
hus stuck right now behind the terrain
he needs to move his half tet nearby to
give synapse to this dude so he can leap
they can't leap without their
synapse Venom
brood what why is he wanting death
spitters killed one of the scouts so he
has a little bit less need for range DPS
right now now obviously that was just a
micro eror from Dawn's Elite
there no upgrades to the ga yet as far
as I can
tell not sure why Scouts were trying to
have a firefight there with teras
doesn't seem like a good
idea but here's a Razer back straight
away getting the reinforced armor
plating screams on the razor back but
I'm pretty sure that doesn't buff
vehicles or does it I don't
know surely there would be
a red debuff circle underneath the res
back if it was
debuffed sometimes you can't even see
those visual effects on vehicles cuz
they're so large compared to the
effect so I mean it kind of worked out
for him he went for the blind Venom
brood into a blind Razer back I mean
it it's pretty typical that you go for a
Razer back but what you do next as
Dawn's Elite is you go for thunderhammer
iron Halo or thunderhammer teleporter
either works you also get T2 ASM or a
librarian a librarian could be good as
well you've already got a Dev so
actually I think a librarian would be
great cuz it's another melee tool to tie
up the Venom Bru so they can't just
shoot your razor back and then obviously
you get you get a plasma gun on your
tactical Marine pop that bad
boy double Venom
brood okay I don't completely hate it
because of the fact that Venom can be
swapped out to death spits after you
kill the the
vehicle so he could do that he could use
the double Venom kill the Razer back and
then swap one of them to the death
Spears and then they're still
useful to kill Infantry
melee ravs of the choice here disrupting
the
scouts don't really see the need for the
melee ravs either to be honest I it just
kept them default I think being able to
focus fire this C Commander should
really be the priority right now as you
can see he's just running rampant and
for that reason Dawns of Le should
notice this as well and should probably
invest more in this guy get the iron
Halo on him making me even tankier get
the Thunder
Hammer iron Halo obviously combining
with the fact that he's level two so
he's got plus 10 energy and then he's
got the artificial which is plus 20 and
energy so it's even stronger than a
normal Shield at that point cuz you're
not just getting 100 * 5 you're getting
130 * 5 so it's pretty you know think
about it 650 Max HP extra that's a lot
he's going to be a tanky guy
then as I say you could get the
teleporter pack as well but I
think the way that his opponent is
playing not really blobbing up his terms
and stuff I don't think you need the
teleporter pack to just immediately get
into the Venoms I think just getting
durability would be better maybe against
a high level player you'd need the
teleporter pack cuz even with the IR
Halo durability the speed of the nids
and their ability to focus fire and
chain uh chain snares with Crypton
poising and stuff it's probably too
strong so going to burrow on to the rear
Devastator Devastator you see not really
accomplishing much here again why I
think the librarian would be quite nice
it's a good
scream debuffs everything but to be
honest what's that is that St
god wow Don has a lot of resources
doesn't he I don't even realize he has
crazy resources right now holy
[__] and all okay only one of those
tacks gets out of there that's something
then didn't manage to quite kill the
Razer
back again don't really know what these
melee raveners are doing right
now oh come on just shoot with the
Venoms holy crap
that was an opportunity to kill the
Razer back I don't know what that was
why they stopped shooting with both
Venoms for can only type one for God's
sake it's pushing too deep to try and
get this razor
back just get the Gem bash and get out
of
here Venoms are okay in melee but you
know not better than the St guard
evidently as if the St guard haven't
killed a model though what
that's
weird and City's going to be going tier
three as well so he's not that far
behind in Tech to be
honest we are losing
power to the
eny the enemy has three
points I don't know what's with these
horm is always seemingly fighting the
Force Commander
oh he's not watching them
oh he's watching down
here I don't know why he doesn't blob
the double termers that
much just a Miss micro there with the
harmers oh they're bleeding a lot though
thanks to Hellfire on
Retreat now there is double Venom brood
so I wonder if he will go for a predator
or if he'll go for
Terminators something like that I
actually think range Terminators could
be great here
but Don lot of VPS left not really
feeling much pressure right now he could
honestly go for a land Raider
Redeemer which would be
amazing I don't think you'd be too
scared of a Venom Canon can effects just
get the Power Fist on the FC since he
still hasn't got a weapon
upgrade [__] you could even go FC
Terminator Force
Commander at this
point yeah I mean that would be a better
purchase for sure than actually just
buying a power fist which cost nearly as
much then you got potential LZ
Cannon missile launch Tactical Marines
if you have a land R Redeemer with all
these things to retreat
to don't think a Venom Cannon car
effects has much chance to be
honest but neither player making a play
yet with the tier three units okay it's
just going to be a predator hey I don't
understand that he's got loads of
resources he had enough for the land
Raider
Redeemer why not what disrespect does he
not rate it dude it's so good the
ability to retreat all your units to it
is absolutely mental in a one V one you
just park it here or here you're never
going to lose these two points if you
can keep retreating to them how's the
enemy ever going to cap that and then
you're fighting nid so it's not like
they even have a good nuke either the
nuke doesn't do a lot of
damage so blobbing all your units around
a land r a redeemer isn't that scary
it's not like he's going to eldrich it
or drop a a rocks on you or something so
I really don't like this
play there is also double Venom Rood
already on the field there has to be
more AV response of course I mean double
Venom brood is failing to kill a Razer
back which makes sense can have all the
DPS in the world but if you can't catch
the vehicle you can't catch the vehicle
can
you let's see it's up to Dawn's leak to
micro these units as
well but yeah this FC God he's been so
annoying if he had the devourers and the
raveners he could help Focus fire them
but he went for the melee upgrade for
some reason
also he doesn't have any range
synaps that would be buffing up the
damage above these turas and that would
also help maybe um City BG just thinks
that the melee upgrade in tto for the
ravs is a straight upgrade which it
isn't because it makes you unable to
benefit from range
synapse if he had devour ravs with range
synapse in the two terms he'd have been
sorted all right well look Don has got a
crazy amount of resources he isn't
really bleeding he's only fighting with
the Razer back and like the FC who don't
bleed so he's managed to get the one two
the predator and the assault Terminators
and now these thund Hammer S Shield
Terminators are absolutely tearing the
Venom brood apart we have without number
calling in a bunch more gauns but I
really don't think that's a particularly
great idea that's not going to help that
much against ter uh Terminators nor the
Predator buffer which are the main
threat right now and you're just going
to feed crazy amounts of XP to the Space
Marines they're not focus fing the
broodiness of these gauns are just
constantly reinforcing but honestly who
cares look at
this boys this is just XP City for the
nids sorry for the Space
Marines uh okay he actually probably
should be taking out the Bress now cuz
Terminator are getting low on
HP City BG just uh just concedes what I
mean he's running out of requisition to
reinforce
but he he's trying to kill Terminators
with gauns which is such a bad idea
normal melee doesn't do as much damage
to super heavy infantry and piercing
does practically
nothing he doesn't have the correct
counters he you know you need Gene
Steelers to try and Tangle with these
guys really under melee synapse or you
need canif effects or you need a neurer
up to
peroxisome he wasn't even able to kill
the razor back with his double Venom
brood which is fine
but that's fine but then you get a
predator as well and you don't get any
more AV well how are you going to kill a
predator and a Razer back when you can't
even kill a Razer back you know what I
mean
so I don't know a lot of mistakes here
from City BG bit of a a fast one there
for you but uh hopefully it's
educational in some
manner definitely a lot of mistakes from
both players but hey that's sloppy sat
does isn't it I hope you enjoy that one
folks a bit of a short one I know but
that's what we got I'm going to be
signing out for this one top it out
[Music]